Back we are an hour Bergere project.
Time to add some routeing to it and use the things we learned at the last course module in a real re-act
application.
Now definitely feel free to jump ahead from time to time possed video and implement some feature.
I'm about to show you to practice using the router.
I want to start by adding a page which allows us to actually check our Bergere out read no check out
it looks like this.
We add an ingredient we click order now we click continue and then we already send the request to the
back and to submit that burger and to save it there.
Now I'd like to change this so that I have to actually enter some information in a check out for him
before we really save the burger.
So this should be the first page I want to have at check out page.
I also have a link here at the top which might allow us to navigate there though will probably replaced
us for this module with my orders page because that makes more sense.
But let's start with the checkout component and let's start with Boulding debt in the next lecture.
Definitely feel free to jump ahead and bullshit on your own but also feel free to do it together with
me because obviously there are a lot of different ways of creating check out component and creating
the component itself is a nice practice but not really related to routing.
See you in the next lecture.